🍒 Multichain tutorial (#578)
TrueFiEng/useDApp: packages/docs/docs/tutorials/multichain.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 8

---

# Using multichain

## Prerequisites

The tutorial assumes the user has already started with the basics of `useDApp`.

See the [Getting Started](../getting-started.mdx) guide if you are a new user.

## Motivation

> The most common approach for a DApp is to operate on a single chain. But there are some use cases when one would want to display or/and modify data on multiple chains simultaneously. 

Author: ```suggestion
The most common approach for a DApp is to operate on a single chain. But there are some use cases when one would want to display data from multiple chains simultaneously. 
```

> `useDApp` has inbuilt multichain support.

Author: ```suggestion
`useDApp` has built-in multichain support.
```

> In this tutorial we will create a simple DApp that will display simultaneously balance of the address both on Mainnet and Kovan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we will create a simple DApp that will display simultaneously balance of an address both on Mainnet and on Kovan.
```

> ## Add Kovan network to config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Kovan network to the config
```

> Please make the following changes to the app's entrypoint file. 

Author: Add explanation

Please make the following changes to the app's entrypoint file. 
````diff
  import {
    Mainnet,

>     Kovan,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+   Kovan,
```

    DAppProvider,
    useEtherBalance,
    useEthers,
    Config
  } from '@usedapp/core'
  import { formatEther } from '@ethersproject/units'

  import App from 'App'

  const config: Config = {
    readOnlyChainId: Mainnet.chainId,
    readOnlyUrls: {
      [Mainnet.chainId]: 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/62687d1a985d4508b2b7a24827551934',
+     [Kovan.chainId]: 'https://kovan.infura.io/v3/62687d1a985d4508b2b7a24827551934',
    },
  }

  ReactDOM.render(
    <React.StrictMode>
      <DAppProvider config={config}>
        <App />
      </DAppProvider>
    </React.StrictMode>,
    document.getElementById('root')
  )
````

> ## Display balances on Mainnet and Kovan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Display balances on Mainnet and on Kovan
```

(just for consideration, it sounds better to me)

> Our app will be based on a one described in the [Getting Started](../getting-started.mdx) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our app will be based on one described in the [Getting Started](../getting-started.mdx) guide.
```
